Social media platforms provide a wealth of data that can be utilized to analyze online user behavior and detect clusters or communities of users. In this thesis, we collect user rating data from a movie rating website spanning April 2023 to September 2023 and construct a dynamic user network that incorporates user attributes or covariates. We begin by conducting community detection on static covariates, employing a topic model while comparing two Non-Negative Matrix Factorization based approaches, in addition to a spectral method. Our interpretation of the clustering results suggest that movie interests represented by covariate communities are production country or region-centered. Notably, one particular community exhibits a distinctive writing style in their movie comments. To study the evolvement of user membership based on dynamic covariates, a collapsed Gibbs sampler is implemented for posterior inference on a dynamic topic model. We identify covariate communities that are growing or shrinking, as well as movie interests with varying persistence levels. Additionally, we evaluate two spectral approaches for community detection in static network, revealing clusters that represent different movie genre interests among users. Finally, we apply and compare three spectral methods for clustering static network with covariates. The identified clusters reflect movie interests shaped by preferences for both movie genre and production country, which unveil more meaningful and coherent interests compared to those obtained using network or covariate data only.